# Amazon-Sales-Data-Innobyte-
# Insight
1-states with higher number of cancelled order are maharashtra, karnataka,telangana, uttar pradesh and tamilnadu.
  states with less number of  cancelled order are lakshadweep, ladakh, dadra and nagar, mizoram and arunachal pradesh.
2-states with high average cancellations order (Top 5): lakshadeep,himanchal pradesh, mizoram, kerla and andman & nicobar.
  States with Low Average Cancellations (Bottom 5): chandigarh, goa, manipur, nagaland and haryana.
3- average cancelled order in merchant is 57.7% which is higher than amazon.
4-number of lost and damaged product in transit in merchant is 6 and nothing in amazon fulfilment.
5-(negligeible the march month because we have less data from this month )
from april, may and june month  april is the most revenue genrated month.
percent of revenue decreased from april to may month is 8.25%.
percent of revenue decreased from may to june month is 10.31%.
6-most sold and most revenue generated  product by category are t-shirt and shirt.
less sold and less revenue generated product by category are watch and shoes.
7-top 5 revenue generated states are maharashtra, karnataka, telangana, uttar pradesh and tamilnadu.
bottom 5 revenue generated states are lakshadweep, ladakh, mizoram, dadra and nagar and tripura.
8- most revenue generated sizes are M, L and XL.
less revenue generated sizes are 4XL, 5XL and 6XL.
9- most revenue generated by fulfilment is amazon .
10- top 5 revenue generated cities are bangaluru, hydrabad, mumbai, new delhi and chennai.

# Conclusion
1- States with Low Average Cancellations (Bottom 5): chandigarh, goa, manipur, nagaland and haryana.
Study these states to understand why cancellation rates are low. Implement best practices from these regions to other states.
2-Average cancelled orders in merchant (57.7%) are higher than Amazon.
 Improve processes in the merchant fulfillment to align
with Amazon's standards, potentially reducing cancellations.
3-Address the issue of lost and damaged products in transit with merchants (6 occurrences). Ensure better packaging or 
logistics to prevent these issues.
4-Focus on April as the highest revenue-generating month.
Address the decrease in revenue sequentially from April to May (8.25%) and May to June (10.31%). Consider promotions, product 
launches, or marketing campaigns to stabilize or increase revenue during these months.
5-Focus on T-shirts and shirts, which are the most sold and revenue-generating categories.
Consider strategies to boost sales in less performing categories like watches and shoes 
through targeted marketing adjustments.
6-Top 5 Revenue-Generated States: Maharashtra, Karnataka, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu.
Allocate more resources and marketing efforts in these states to further capitalize on revenue opportunities.
7-Focus inventory and marketing efforts on sizes M, L, and XL which generate the most revenue.
Evaluate stock levels and demand for larger sizes (4XL, 5XL, 6XL) to optimize inventory management.
9-top 5 revenue generated cities are bangaluru, hydrabad, mumbai, new delhi and chennai.
implement the same strategies in another cities

